This project presents a wireframe for a past project of mine as well as the webpage version of it. Seeing that it’s just a page for a project, and not the actual portfolio presenting all of my work, I wanted to make a simple page in a format that is similar to that of a blog. I wanted the information to be clear and sequential in a logical manner and so I divided the sections one after the other with a line that separates them.

I spent the chunk of my time reminding myself with html and css as I haven’t developed websites in a really long time. I also tried exploring and experimenting with my code and used the developer tools for websites that I liked to find the name of the font family and get ideas of what to do. I had some difficulties setting up the navigation bar, as it wouldn’t start at the upper left corner of the screen and so I changed the CSS in it’s position and list until I was able to figure it out, as I also fixed it at the top so that the users can change to another section of my website at any point. 

At first, I thought that the website wasn’t interesting or engaging, however, I played around with the structure, lined the image next to the text instead of under it and set up captions for them. I also used the Animation On Scroll feature with some JavaScript to create some interactions with the user as they scroll through the website. To incorporate my identity a bit, I added a logo and favicon with my initials and favorite color, as well as changing the color of the categories in the navigation bar when hovering on it to the same shade. 

The link for the website can be find [here](https://aliawaleed.github.io/connectionsLab/week1.2/proj.html)!
